hi baby whiskey and round
Cory chin ah
and we're here the big box that's
anonymous
Laura yeah oh yeah okay so this is what
month is this today July June live
gaming but you just got the event the
other ones late like halfway through the
month so this one came like two weeks
later
so what's do it yeah here we go
where you go in this country there -
sure don't like it that way
so like mm-hmm I rap said Buddha and no
idea what that is
so just say in the book dad joette also
knows what the battle - I have no idea
turn it face to play battlefield Double
Dragon on with a bigger little bit Sega
Sega Genesis elbows buckle we have too
many pots in this cow it's real stuck oh
yeah hey do you guys want to use the
microphone this time - yeah sure okay
good job stupid okay
yes let's use the microphone sibel
buckle that's kind of cool I'll never
use it because I don't have the right
kind of belt
what a bad day no dang dang oh dang oh
yeah whatever
Oh Goods going on without us what is it
I had no idea sorry
hmm his laser rifle rifle oh it is it is
great oh it's always begins here
so either rifle that's really cool it's
really detailed it's kind of it's
plastic kind of you can like convened it
some how to do it Oh bad they did have
you no idea I'm gonna put the Scoobies
in look diseases or blue brief
I'm going to say be careful with this
little piece because I think it might
almost be broken parity but I don't plan
on ever touching it again it can sit in
here oh come on I'm just guessing I
don't know a big circle bottom Oh with
this I'm not make sure you don't fix
this thing or it'll break up it's broken
yeah so that's how easily that broke so
it's kind of not super quality but it's
just gonna fit on the shelf
hmm oh you didn't carry on we did oh oh
yes yeah all right this is a moving
right along already do it
okay we're not giving you hmm sit up
don't touch it
don't beat on it so he has a little
thing broke off here kind of was really
thin oh look it just like you didn't
break it just like it was glued in the
hole and the glue kind of came apart so
that's okay
it's not it's not too bad okay next
sorry go
I feel like is it I don't know
League of listen can you read yeah we
need this whoa what is this oh don't
show the code
card of authentic kiss sweat off into
custody
Oh sympathy we share for the third
authenticity of this item as official
Riot Games merchandise to verify your
item please touch your NFC enabled
device to this card or what this thing
is cool again I have no idea what it is
that's cool League of Legends I don't
really know
oh so the pin here in the openings so
thin this month isn't the nuka-cola cap
and it's actually like in 1000 Seema
drama so that's really cool I can't it's
going to be hard to stick it on my wall
back there it'll look cool wow are you
sure you're not breaking no are you
breaking it is it opener
yeah oh oh oh wait shirt oh yeah okay
tada what is it
thanks to the colors I can't do it it is
I mean is the guy with a guitar and a
battle-axe to say fine we're going to
read the poster and see what it is I'm
not sure what it is but easy to get a
good look come on did it picking up the
poster right here
Oh what is this Oh animal box that is
really what 1,500 Kircher's it's a
fallout right and I can also see in the
bottom pick it up it's a no box that's
cool so go up by my companion cube in my
other yeah anyway
cool oh yeah oh cool it's an actual
fallout 4 poster cool up just like hey
there you go it's something tiny awesome
that's cool it's actual game this time
all right
sorry might kinda like fall out with me
we got exclusive fallout 4 laser rifle
replica League of Legends champion
figure so the t-shirt is brutal legend
t-shirt
Eddie Riggs it says retro poster team so
maybe it's the older team I don't know
what brutal Legends is do you know no
okay sorry anyway it's still a shirt and
I'll probably I'll still wear it so
follow forward Nuka Cola bottle cap
button oh there's actually four of them
I'll show you here in a second
Battletoads belt buckle the pip-boy epic
drop I tried to order the special
edition and the pit boy when fallout 4
came out and they only made like four of
them for something stupid like that so I
never got one
and now that you can buy them for $300
wear something I don't want to spend
$300 so I didn't get the epic drop two
lucky winners get this pit boy epic drop
Deluxe Bluetooth so you put your phone
in there and you can it's like a cool
but so there's a four different
nuka-cola
you could get there's the pip-boy
pip-boy epic drop you're going to go
right yes not bad not bad blue Krait I
like the follow-up stuff for sure caring
analysis today halos so thank you guys
so much for coming out of this today
really appreciate if you guys enjoyed
this video please don't forget to like
my book Oh leave your thoughts down
below in the comments you can also
subscribe the channel for Marilu gaming
and boxing in other videos I'll see you
next time and I use the code boogie2988
to get 10% off of this and in that time
sharing not sponsored you go down in the
description you can use code too if you
would like
boogy gets a little little kickback from
that and you get 10% off so anyway
thanks again for coming hang out let's
really do appreciate see you next time
see you next time it was a record normal
time what
[Music]
Oh